Improve upgrade doc (#5922)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/tasks/cluster/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades.md

EKS Anywhere then performs the upgrade, modifying your cluster to match the updated specification. 
The upgrade command also upgrades core components of EKS Anywhere and lets the user enjoy the latest features, bug fixes and security patches.

**Upgrades should never be run from ephemeral nodes (short-lived systems that spin up and down on a regular basis). If an upgrade fails, it is very important not to delete the Docker containers running the KinD bootstrap cluster. During an upgrade, the bootstrap cluster contains critical EKS Anywhere components. If it is deleted after a failed upgrade, they cannot be recovered.**

>**_NOTE:_** Currently only Minor Version Upgrades are support for Bare Metal clusters. No other aspects of the cluster upgrades are currently supported.
>

### EKS Anywhere Version Upgrades

> Stay up to date with the latest EKS Anywhere version is always encouraged, as new features, bug fixes, security patches might be added in each release. You can find the content such as supported OS version and changelog of each EKS Anywhere version on the [What’s New]({{< relref "../../../reference/changelog/" >}}) page.

Reviewer: Or something like "We encourage that you stay up to date...". Whatever you think is best.

> Stay up to date with the latest EKS Anywhere version is always encouraged, as new features, bug fixes, security patches might be added in each release. You can find the content such as supported OS version and changelog of each EKS Anywhere version on the [What’s New]({{< relref "../../../reference/changelog/" >}}) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Staying up to date with the latest EKS Anywhere version is always encouraged, as new features, bug fixes, or security patches might be added in each release. You can find the content, such as supported OS versions and changelog, of each EKS Anywhere version on the [What’s New]({{< relref "../../../reference/changelog/" >}}) page.
```
